Log redact on TiFlash and PD (4.0) (#4997) (#5000)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/tiflash-configuration.md

    # cert_path = "/path/to/tiflash-server.pem"
    ## Path of the file that contains X509 key in PEM format.
    # key_path = "/path/to/tiflash-server-key.pem"

>     ## New in v4.0.10. This configuration item enables or disables log redaction. If the configuration value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ## New in v5.0.0-rc. This configuration item enables or disables log redaction. If the configuration value
```
